ENTMQSTPR-47: Record validation example with Red Hat build of Apicurio Registry (#504)
jboss-container-images/amqstreams-1-openshift-image: examples/proxy/record-validation/load-balancer/README.md

> # Streams for Apache Kafka Proxy Record Validation, exposed by External Load Balancer

Reviewer: Whats your thinking behind producing the the same record validation example but with a different way of exposing the proxy? 

To me how the proxy is exposed is orthogonal at best to how record validation is configured/works.

Reviewer: Hmm your leveraging the RHEL distribution in this example to run the tooling locally.

Author: Yes, admittedly weird. Can you think of a better way given the state of Streams right now?

Author: > Whats your thinking behind producing the the same record validation example but with a different way of exposing the proxy? 
> 
> 
> 
> To me how the proxy is exposed is orthogonal at best to how record validation is configured/works. 

My motivation was to let a customer with off cluster or on cluster apps get going quickly

Like I said on the other PR,  we need multiple listeners.

Reviewer: I think your motivation is reasonable and I struggle to think of another way to achieve it. I think maybe rename cluster-ip to on-cluster and load balancer to off cluster so that distinction is obvious to users?

I still think they are orthogonal to the filter examples.

Author: Raises as #513

# Streams for Apache Kafka Proxy Record Validation, exposed by External Load Balancer

> In this example, an instance of Apache Kafka is deployed using Streams for Apache Kafka.  Apicurio
> Registry is deployed to the cluster too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, an instance of Apache Kafka is deployed to an OpenShift cluster using Streams for Apache Kafka, alongside Apicurio Registry, which is also deployed to the cluster.
```

> The Streams Proxy is deployed with configuration to perform record validation.  The configuration ensures that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Streams for Apache Kafka Proxy is deployed with configuration to perform record validation.  The configuration ensures that
```

any records sent to a topic called `people` adhere to a `person` schema.

Finally, kafka command line tools (run off cluster) are used to send valid and invalid record to the `people` topic
so that the effects of the validation can be observed.

# Prerequisites

* [KMS is prepared](../PREPARE_KMS.md).

> * Vault CLI

Reviewer 2: are these needed for this example?

Author: no, fixed.

> * Administrative access to the OpenShift Cluster being used to evaluate AMQ Stream Proxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Administrative access to the OpenShift Cluster being used to evaluate Streams for Apache Kafka Proxy
```

> * OpenShift CLI (oc)
> * Streams for Apache Kafka Operator is installed namespace wide
> * Apache Kafka CLI tools (`kafka-topics.sh`, `kafka-console-producer.sh`, and `kafka-console-consumer.sh`) found in the `bin` directory of the Streams for Apache Kafka on RHEL distribution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Streams for Apache Kafka Operator (installed namespace wide)
* Red Hat build of Apicurio Registry Operator (installed cluster wide)
* OpenShift CLI (`oc`)
* `cURL`
* Apache Kafka CLI tools (`kafka-topics.sh`, `kafka-console-producer.sh`, and `kafka-console-consumer.sh`) found in the `bin` directory of the Streams for Apache Kafka on RHEL distribution
```

# Deploying the Example

> 1. Deploy the Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the Example:
```

   ```sh
   oc apply -k load-balancer
   ```

> 2. Get the external address of the proxy service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Get the external address of the proxy service:
```

   ```sh
   LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS=$(oc get service -n kafka-proxy proxy-service --template='{{(index .status.loadBalancer.ingress 0).hostname}}')
   ```

> 3. Now update the `brokerAddressPattern:` to match the `LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Update the `brokerAddressPattern:` to match the `LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS`:
```

   ```sh
     sed -i  "s/\(brokerAddressPattern:\).*$/\1 ${LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS}/" load-balancer/proxy/proxy-config.yaml
   ```

> 4. Reapply and bounce:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Update the load balancer and restart the pods:
```

   ```sh
      oc apply -k load-balancer && oc delete pod -n proxy --all
   ```

5. Create the example schema in the registry:

   ```sh
   REGISTRY_URL=http://$(oc get apicurioregistries.registry.apicur.io -n schema-registry registry --template='{{.status.info.host}}')
   curl -X POST ${REGISTRY_URL}/apis/registry/v2/groups/default/artifacts -H "Content-Type: application/json; artifactType=JSON" -H "X-Registry-ArtifactId: Person" --data @schemas/person.schema.json
   ```

# Try out the example

1. Create a topic `people` on the cluster, via the proxy:
   ```sh
   kafka-topics.sh --bootstrap-server ${LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS}:9092 --create -topic people
   ```
   Note it may take a minute or two for `${LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS}` to resolve in your environment and for the load balancer to begin routing
   network traffic.

> 2. Produce a record to the topic with a record value that matches the schema.

Reviewer 2: I think we can use colons on all these steps.

Author: I'm not following you.  Numbered lists in markdown use a period, not a colon.  no?

Author: I get you.. done

   ```sh
   cat record-examples/valid-person.json |  kafka-console-producer.sh --bootstrap-server ${LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS}:9092 --topic people --sync
   ```
3. Consume messages showing the record reached the broker.
   ```sh
    kafka-console-consumer.sh  --bootstrap-server ${LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS}:9092 --topic people --from-beginning --timeout-ms 10000
   ```   

> 4. Produce invalid records to the topic.  You will see the producer reject the invalid records with an exception.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Produce invalid records to the topic to be rejected by the producer with an exception.
```

Author: The initial wording was poor.  The producer reports the rejection.  It is the proxy (well the filter) that does the rejecting.

   ```sh
   cat record-examples/invalid-person-invalid-age.json | kafka-console-producer.sh --bootstrap-server ${LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS}:9092 --topic people --sync
   ```

   ```sh
   cat record-examples/invalid-person-malformed.json | kafka-console-producer.sh --bootstrap-server ${LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS}:9092 --topic people --sync
   ```

5. Consume messages showing that no rejected records reached the broker.
   ```sh
    kafka-console-consumer.sh  --bootstrap-server ${LOAD_BALANCER_ADDRESS}:9092 --topic people --from-beginning --timeout-ms 10000
   ```   

# Cleaning up

> When you have finished with this example, you can remove it from the OpenShift Cluster like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you have finished with this example, you can remove it from the OpenShift Cluster:
```
